---
layout: page
title: Solving "Risk" with Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning
gh-repo: lpratt30/lpratt30.github.io
---

Risk, a board game of strategy and negotiations, can be learned quickly by humans but remains a formidable challenge for AI. What makes Risk simple from a human perspective yet insurmountable for AI? Reinforcement Learning (RL) models have bested champions in more cognitively difficult games like Go, where objective rationality rules move selection; however, the behavior of the players does not play a role.

Our work redefines the problem space by treating Risk as an extension of research in sequential social dilemmas rather than zero-sum games. We argue that the failure to reach human-level performance in previous research stems from this misclassification and introduce mixed cooperation as a key element in solving Risk. It follows that there are more parallels with Risk and real-world scenarios involving human decision-making than zero-sum games. One such aspect of this is, unlike 1 v 1 strategy games, Risk gives players an opportunity to build relationships, show loyalty, deceive, betray, and take vengeance.

Our code repository is publicly viewable here: https://github.com/lpratt30/Risk  

Our final report as it was at the end of the deep learning course is available here: [Download the PDF](../assets/pdf/Risky_Deep_Learning_Final.pdf)

Note that our understanding has greatly evolved since that report was written in July 2023. This is an active and ongoing project. 
